Add Translating AMR values instructions (#2869)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/learn/working-with-acr-and-amr.md

	
	Note that the AMR values in this example are 	`DemoFaceIdAuthenticator`	, 	`BasicAuthenticator`	, and 	`DemoFingerprintAuthenticator`. These are the authenticators that are used in the authentication process.

#### Translating AMR values

> Follow the steps below to translate the AMR values that get returned to the authentication process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to translate the AMR values that get returned through the authentication process.
```

> 1. Open the `deployment.toml` file in the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf directory`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the `deployment.toml` file in the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf` directory.
```

> 2. Add the following configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the following configurations:
```

    !!! note 

>     You can add any custom AMR mapping to this config.

Reviewer: Does this render properly when you build the doc locally?
I believe it should be aligned as:

!!! note
    You can add

Author: Fix with a5c790700af9084435520e134ba8f71368868655
<img width="711" alt="Screenshot 2022-04-28 at 9 49 48 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32576163/165799771-b2948a0e-3598-43c9-8b2c-94a3f903deb5.png">

       ```
       [[authentication_context.method_refs]]
       method = "SMSOTP"
       amr_value = "sms"
       [[authentication_context.method_refs]]
       method = "EmailOTP"
       amr_value = "otp"
       [[authentication_context.method_refs]]
       excluded_methods = ["BasicAuthenticator", "AuthenticationMethodToBeIgnored"]
       ```
	

>     `method`: Authentication Method Name

Reviewer: In bullet points:

- `method`: Name of the authentication method.
- `amr_value`: The AMR value mapping you prefer to have as the AMR in the ID token. See [AMR draft specification](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-oauth-amr-values-04) for details.
- `excluded_methods`: The list of authentication methods that you would like to exclude from the ID token.

Author: Fix with a5c790700af9084435520e134ba8f71368868655

    `amr_value`: AMR value mapping you prefer to have as the amr in the ID token. You can refer [AMR draft specification](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-oauth-amr-values-04) for this.

	`excluded_methods`: List of Authentication Methods that you would like to prevent being available on the ID token.

> 4. Start the identity server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Start the WSO2 Identity Server.
```

> !!! info

Reviewer: Please double check if this renders properly

Author: Fix with a5c790700af9084435520e134ba8f71368868655
<img width="739" alt="Screenshot 2022-04-28 at 9 49 56 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32576163/165799888-15d6f310-3c1e-4b8d-acce-1ba50491bf89.png">

> You can verify the whether the changes have been successfully applied by opening the `identity.xml` file in the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/identity` directory after starting the server. It should contain a similar configuration as follows,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can verify whether the changes are successfully applied by opening the `identity.xml` file in the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/identity` directory after starting the server. It should contain a similar configuration as shown below.
```
